It's a jungle out there.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
It's a jungle out there.
This isn't gonna work, man.
You never know.
Might get away with it.
Gus!
Gus, how are you?
Since when have youse been sailors?
Well, let's just say we're
expanding our investment portfolio.
Yeah...
Thought you were going in the clink
for starting a riot.
Me? You kidding, Gus?
I'm as clean as a whistle.
Coldie, mate?
No, no. What do youse want?
Were you aware that a mate of yours
is being targeted by the jacks?
They're gonna shut him down
any second.
Who?
Alright, alright.
This is straight from the horse's
mouth. The bent cop we know.
He seems to think it's that mate of
yours who supplies the pill presses.
What did he say his name was, Mark?
So you wanna know my supplier.
You want the name
of the only bloke in town
who's gonna lay his hands
on a quality pill press.
Hey! We're trying
to do you a favour.
No, no. You're trying to rip me off,
you cheeky little cocksucker.
Gus, why would
I try to rip you off?
This is the way it is, mate, hey?
Hey, hey!
You want a pill press,
you speak to me.
And I speak to my bloke
and he sources it.
I deliver, you pay, I take a cut
and pass on the balance.
Sounds good. Yeah.
So you repeat after me -
I AM a cheeky little cocksucker.
Mark,
get this fucker off me.
Don't do it.
Fuck!
You owe me a new phone, you fuck!
Yeah, might have that
beer now, mate, eh?
Hey! Take it easy,
you clumsy dickhead.
Who you calling dickhead?
Jase...
We paid a fortune for this thing.
I don't want these guys
to fuck it up.
Relax, will you? This'll be
the best cash we've ever spent.
80 fucking grand.
We are going to make
fucking truckloads of eccys.
This thing will be
a licence to print money.
Well, not till we find ourselves
a cook, it won't be.
I will find one.
I can cook.
What?
Ecstasy and that.
I know how to make it.
Since when?
Just one of my many talents.
Well, along with driving
and eating, that makes three.
No, come on, give me a shot.
Happy, Gus?
Yeah, mate.
Alright. Come on,
time to sink some piss, eh?
No can do, mate. Trace's
bringing the kid around.
So?
Reckons I don't spend
enough time with him.
She's got you pussy-whipped, mate.
Yeah. Fuck her.
Daddy, I'm here!
Sidney!
I'm sure he won't be long.
He forgot.
Daddy wouldn't have
forgotten you, Tommy.
I'm sure wherever he is, it was
something he couldn't get out of.
Tracey Seymour was
once married to a biker called Sid -
an outlaw biker,
and that was his great appeal.
Hi.
What's your name?
Tracey.
You're good. You're SO good.
The daughter
of a Baptist minister,
Tracey was fascinated by bad boys
and the badder they were,
the better she liked them.
But when her son Tom
got old enough to ask questions,
she knew the time had come to
make a break and forge a new life.
Yeah, you'll get your money,
like I said you'll get it.
What? Get fucked!
Pfft! That arsehole I got the press from
reckons I'm gonna rip him off.
What's his name again?
Len Kerr. What,
didn't you have the pleasure?
The trouble was Tracey's
old life kept snapping at her heels.
Won't stop me going
round there, but.
Teaching him some manners.
Shouldn't bloody pay him at all,
the mad bastard.
So, what do you get
when you take a not-very-bright biker,
add three litres of beer
and a handful of amphetamines?
Who gets him all his
fucking customers? We do.
Someone ought to knock
the cheek out of that prick.
Ought to knock him, period.
Disaster.
That's what you get.
Len Kerr?
What the fuck?
Anton, what the hell?
Shit! You Len Kerr?
Are you Len Kerr?
Jason Moran
is a violent little turd
who needs to be behind bars.
You're wasting your time.
I'm wasting my time?
I mean, look...
...there's no bloody point
in going to all the expense
of taking Jason to trial
if we haven't even got a single witness.
Well, we've still got one left.
Gonna track down this
Campbell Lawler bloke.
What, the African?
Didn't he bugger off home?
Yeah, but there can't be too many
Lawlers in the Swaziland phonebook,
can there?
You're a sucker for
punishment, mate.
Anyway, you're still short
of physical evidence.
Oh, I am, am I?
Because you've all of a sudden
retired from this case, have you?
I just don't believe in beating
my head against a brick wall, OK?
I'm thinking about the coat that
Jason was wearing that night as well.
Yeah, what about it?
This is a fucking home invasion.
One approved by a magistrate.
Brendan!
What are you doing with my coat?
You see, I noticed on
the King Street security tape
that your coat was kind of snazzy.
So I thought maybe you hadn't
thrown it out with the rest
of your gear from that night.
'Zegna'. Now, that's a top designer.
A designer duffel coat!
You are a stylish fellow.
Pure merino too.
Jeez, it must have been hot,
bashing up all those people.
You jacks have got nothing, huh?
You're shit!
Thanks for your cooperation, Jase.
What, is that it, is it?
You just came for the jacket?
Oh, see you later,
Detective Sphincter.
Means 'arsehole', remember?
Get a real job, Carl.
Why are you always eating?
Surprise.
Yellow's your favourite, right?
What do you want?
How's Tom?
OK, considering.
I'm sorry, I couldn't help it.
How many times you going
to let him down, Sidney?
Couldn't help it. Look, I'm gonna
make it up to him, alright?
I'm gonna buy him a minibike.
Don't you get it?
He doesn't want things.
He wants to spend time with you.
He was gutted!
Christ, I'm here now, aren't I?
Yeah, OK.
Well, Tom's asleep now,
but maybe next weekend.
He's playing soccer
and he'd love you to watch.
What if I stay here tonight?
What?!
Could be a nice surprise for Tom
if I wake up here in the morning.
Oh, goodnight, Sidney.
I need to stay here, Trace.
I had a run-in with my housemate.
Go to Gus.
I'm sure he'd give you
a piece of floor.
What have you been up to?
Look, can I come in?
I don't think that's a good idea!
Please!
Tell me you didn't really do this.
First bloke should have
kept his head down.
Oh, Jesus.
Stupid prick should have said something
instead of standing there.
Don't tell me any more.
Fuckin' serves 'em right,
both of them.
Dense bloody grease monkeys.
Don't involve us.
I dropped me gun. You know,
that old one that I bought in WA?
Shut up, you bloody idiot!
Just shut up!
What's got up your nose?
You kill two people
and then you come here?
Don't you know how hard I've tried
to protect Tom from all this crap?
Protect him?
I've given him a normal life!
I've made sure he's safe, secure...
Who are you fucking kidding, Tracey!
You work in a topless bar.
You screwed Jason Moran
and Alphonse Gangitano!
Look, you going to
help me out or what?
Typical. Now, when you're in the shit,
you remember we exist.
Can you just give me a break
for five minutes?
I can't believe you used Tom
as an excuse for coming here.
Well, he's my son,
as you keep reminding me.
You don't deserve him!
You don't give a rat's about him
except when it suits you.
Mummy?
Hello, Tommy.
Hello, Daddy.
How are you going, mate?
I got a new game.
Is that right?
Well, I'd love to play it.
Can I turn it on?
Don't know whether I'm allowed
to stay over, mate.
He can sleep in my room. Please!
I wanted a woman.
A woman?
Uh, yeah, in Homicide.
I requested
a female... female officer
because people management's
not our strong suit
and I thought a female
might help redress that.
People management?
Yes, witnesses, specifically.
Mm-hm.
They're our strongest asset,
far and above any physical evidence,
and at times we... we haven't
been that good at managing them.
Your desk is down there
and, um, this is my office here.
Come in.
Sit down and... and welcome.
I've got to say, Sergeant,
I'm stoked to be here, I really am.
Well, I'll take that as a positive.
And you should call me 'boss'.
The other men... the other detectives
call me 'boss'.
Are you familiar with
the phrase 'PTT'?
I know about PMT.
Uh, PTT stands for 'Professionalism,
Thoroughness and Tenacity'.
They're our code words
here at Homicide,
and that's what I expect from you.
Sure.
The dictionary might
not agree, but to me,
the word 'homicide'
means 'search for truth'.
I want you to think about that.
Do you like shortbread?
Shortbread? Uh...
Yes, I bake them myself.
It's... it's a hobby.
Thanks.
Your first case.
Leonard Kerr and Anton Young.
You might have heard about them.
They're two guys who were shot
down in a garage in Port Melbourne.
May be gang-related
or it could be a robbery gone wrong.
You're on it with Peter Brownlow.
Good luck.
And that was
my introduction to Homicide -
a Luger pistol
and a piece of baked shortbread.
Wanna be Mario this time?
Dad has to go.
But we've only had one game.
He has to go.
Don't be such a hard-arse, Trace.
Who's that?
I'll go.
Tracey Seymour?
Senior Detective James,
Brownlow, St Kilda Homicide.
We're making enquiries
about the whereabouts
of a Mr Sidney Martin.
He's not at his address, but we were
told you were married to him.
Yes, I WAS.
Know where
we could find him?
Wow, Dad, that was great!
He's, um, here.
Sidney!
What?
Senior Detective James, Mr Martin.
St Kilda Homicide.
Tom, go watch TV in the lounge.
Me and Dad were...
Now!
Uh, Mr Martin,
do you own a Luger pistol?
Yeah.
Do you know where it is now?
It's been stolen.
Stolen?
From the pannier on my bike.
Lifted while I was at the pub.
Right. What pub?
I forget.
When?
Few weeks ago.
Did you report it?
Couldn't be bothered.
It's not like you guys would find it.
Well, we have. We believe
it was a weapon used in two murders.
I wouldn't know anything about that.
Where were you at 3pm
yesterday, Mr Martin?
I was riding.
Alone?
Nup. I was with Tracey.
Where did you go?
Uh, in town, over the bridge...
Did you stop for petrol or a snack?
Nope.
See anyone?
Nuh.
Which roads did you use?
I forget.
Do you remember, Ms Seymour?
You don't mind, do you?
You saw they were after me.
I had to say something.
Sidney, at three o'clock
yesterday afternoon
I was at Tom's school
discussing a bloody cake stall.
Right. Who with? I'll have a word.
How many people
do you expect to lie for you?
You fucking let 'em in!
Go away.
Go away!
Forensics found
no recoverable DNA
on the lapels, the collar,
the front, the sleeve, the hem.
Jason's had the bloody thing
dry-cleaned!
And the last of his victims
is somewhere in Swaziland.
You jacks have got nothing, huh?
You're shit!
I just don't believe in
beating my head against a brick wall.
I'll see you later,
Detective Sphincter.
It means 'arsehole', remember?
Steve?
Yeah, in here.
Guess who's just been attached
to the QBE account?
The big one?
Yeah, one of our partners just asked
if I'd be interested.
Interested? I thought I'd have to
be there like five years
before I got a chance like this.
Well done.
Shitty day, babe?
Why don't we open this
and see if tonight gets any better?
Might get you laid.
When the Morans
and their mates
discovered Steve's DNA tests
had drawn a blank
and that Jason was effectively
in the clear, they threw a party.
Not that they condoned
his violent behaviour -
they just hated
the police getting a win.
Alright, alright, a bit of
shush, please, a bit of shush.
Hey! Mario.
I just want to drink
to my son, Jason.
Heads held high, fellas.
Here's to your innocence
and the right result!
Laughin' like a shark, Dad.
Laughin' like a shark.
Jason!
Nice to win a round.
Well, you know.
Boxing above my weight, Mick.
Might be time to move up a division.
Well, Jason, not all the decisions
you make are going to go your way.
I mean, eventually, the points,
they stack up against you.
But any more big match-ups,
I'd appreciate it
that you dealt with it
in a more gentlemanly manner.
Look at me when I'm talking to you.
A little less of this...
... and a bit more of this.
Sure, Mick, yeah. Sure.
Excuse me, ladies.
Oh, your fat arses are stuck
to their chairs, are they?
Where are you going, Roberta?
I'm going to the fuckin' dunny.
Do you want to come and watch?
Nobody ever called
Roberta Stevens a shrinking violet.
But Carl Williams
didn't care about her mouth.
He knew he'd found his princess.
Buy you a drink?
Already got one.
So, how do you fit in?
Married to that fuckin'
loser mate of Jason's
with the nose like a fuckin' samosa.
Though I'm the fuckin' loser
that fell pregnant to him.
Wouldn't say I'm in, but,
not with those up-themselves bitches.
Yeah, I noticed.
Well, what about you?
You just here getting shit-faced?
No, no, I do a bit
for Jase and Mark.
Toady boy, huh?
It's how far up you climb that counts,
not where you start.
And just where are
you going to end up...
...whatever your name is?
I'm going to be a bloke
that makes so much dough
I can buy a chick like you
whatever she wants.
I'm Carl. Carl Williams.
Now, how about that drink?
Go on, pick one. Anything.
Blue one.
The blue one?
Hey, bartender, pretty drink
for a pretty girl.
Coming right up, mate.
Hello?
Guess what I'm doing.
How'd you get this number?
You gave it to me, dimbo.
I'm vacuuming, in stilettos, nude.
Nude. Nude.
Can't hear no vacuum cleaner.
Oh, it's a real flash one. It purrs.
And I purr too, Carl.
And yowl.
And go ohh... Ohh!
Aghhh!
Hey, fat boy!
No personal calls on company time.
Back to work.
Yeah, sorry, Jase.
You still working for the Morans?
I've got to go, Mum.
You said
you were gonna be a big man.
I'II, um, call you later, OK?
No, don't bother till you're rich.
Hey, back to work!
I've told you everything.
You and Sidney been split a while?
You certainly didn't seem
that comfortable around him.
Just don't see him that much.
Seems a good dad.
He's not going to win
Father of the Year.
That night was the first
we'd seen him in months.
That night? I thought you were
riding with him all afternoon?
We didn't get home till late.
I see.
You know we have information
that puts him at the crime scene.
Oh, why bother with me, then?
Because if you keep up this story,
you could end up
being charged with perjury.
We'd hate to have to
bring your son into this.
What's your name again?
Jacqui.
Sid did come over.
When?
What was he doing before that?
Did he say why he'd come over?
He wanted to see Tom.
What, for the first time in months?
Only hours after two men
were shot with his gun?
Is there nothing more
you wanna tell me?
I looked up your record.
Oh, good for you.
Had multiple arrests,
you've done time,
but for the past
five years, nothing.
Has something changed?
Was it having Tom?
Leave me alone.
He's a beautiful little boy.
Does he know what his dad did?
Both of the guys Sidney murdered
had kids too
and they're never
gonna see their fathers again.
I know you want
what's best for your son.
So just tell the truth, make a statement
and give evidence in court.
You've got no idea
what you're asking...
... no idea what they could do to me.
We can look after you.
We'll put you and Tom
into witness protection.
Come on, Tracey,
just talk to me.
I can't.
If you let Sidney get away with this,
then one day Tom is going to find out
that his dad is a double murderer
and that you think that's OK.
'Cause that's what
lying for him does, Tracey -
it tells him
that you think that's OK.
And your son
is gonna learn that from you.
You been talking to the cops again?
What'd you tell 'em?
Nothing yet.
Good.
Look, I don't wanna
pressure you or nothing,
but me, Gus and the guys,
we kind of stick together.
What's that supposed to mean?
You take on one of us,
you take on all of us.
You're threatening me?
Nah.
I'm just telling you
how it is, babe.
Looking after your future.
What's wrong, Mummy?
Tom, we're gonna go on a holiday.
So this is where they're hiding you.
G'day. What are you doing
lurking around Homicide?
Oh, I thought I'd just come down
and select a desk
in case I get the call-up.
I thought I'd just
come down and say g'day.
How's your King Street thing going?
Still chasing Jason Moran?
I swear I'm gonna call
my autobiography 'Chasin' Jason'.
What about you, your double murder?
It all hangs on one witness
and she won't talk.
Tell me about it.
Let's get out of here,
go down to the pub, drown our sorrows.
Hang on.
Homicide. Jacqui James.
Yeah, no, no. That's fine, Tracey.
Yep.
So, where do we stand?
Good girl.
Can you come down to St Kilda Road
and make a statement?
No, that's great.
Yep. I'll see you then.
Yes?
Tracey Seymour.
She knows what she's in for
giving evidence against her ex?
She's as gutsy as all hell.
I've seen witnesses
fall over at the last minute,
rock-solid cases just turn to water.
She's gonna do the right thing.
I'd back her.
You'll need to.
She'll need all the support
she can get.
Let's get her into
Witness Security ASAP.
Good work.
On the ground!
ON THE GROUND!
You're being charged with the murders
of Leonard Kerr and Anton Young.
Here?
They're not fuckin' here.
FUCK!
Fuckin' bitch!
Traces of dried blood
in both pockets.
Remind me not to use
those drycleaners.
Forensics pulled DNA
from four separate individuals,
so this means we can prove
that Jason punched these people,
shoved his hands in his pockets...
No, he'll say
he never punched anyone
and the blood got on his hands
as he ministered to their wounds.
Oh, well, fu...
Steve, it's not a home run, mate.
We still gotta get
one of those victims
to stand up in court and ID Jase.
Those for me?
Very nice.
But aren't you supposed to be a guy
that can get a girl
whatever she wants?
What do you want?
What have you got?
# The girl of my dreams
is giving me nightmares
# I found her on TV,
now I see her everywhere
# She's got style,
she's got violent ways about her
# She got me so that
I can't dream without her
# She's giving me nightmares
# She's giving me
nightmares
# She's giving me nightmares
# She's giving me nightmares... #
It's nice.
Jason should get you one
of them chef hats and a frilly apron.
I'm not gonna
be a shitkicker all my life.
Yeah, so you keep saying.
I'm doing my own presses, Roberta.
You're using the Moran's rig?
You fuckin' little hooter!
You're not gonna tell 'em, are ya?
Tell 'em? Nuh.
Nuh, I'll help you.
Let's send 'em fuckin' broke.
You don't look like much,
but you got balls, haven't you?
Carl Williams.
Yeah.
# My bedside is loaded,
my bedside's exploded
# Hard to believe you can't get
what you're dreaming
# If you try sometimes,
you might find you get what you steal
# The girl of my dreams
is giving me nightmares... #
# I don't know what it means,
but she's got multi-coloured hair... #
# When she stands in the sand
I dream of peaches... #
# And I'm not sure
what that means either
# She's giving me nightmares
# She's giving me
nightmares
# She's giving me nightmares
# She's giving me nightmares... #
To protect Tracey
until Sid's trial,
Witness Security hid them away
in a remote coastal town
with an armed guard.
G'day.
Hey. I got your call. What's up?
How about you go play
on the equipment for a bit, honey?
No!
Go on.
It's dumb. There's no monkey bars.
Go to the camp store, then.
Get an ice-cream.
Not if fartie-pants has to come.
Don't be rude!
I hate Warrnambool!
I hate this holiday!
I wanna go home!
Hello.
Is Campbell Lawler there, please?
Just a second.
Hello? Campbell Lawler speaking.
Who is this, please?
Mr Lawler, um, my name's
Senior Detective Stephen Owen
from the Victoria Police
in Australia.
Is this about the assault
in the nightclub?
Yes. Yes, it is.
Um, Mr Lawler, we were wondering
if you'd be able to return to Melbourne
to identify your assailant.
To Melbourne?
I'm in Swaziland, Detective Owen.
It's a very long way.
I'm sorry, but I don't think
I can afford the airfare.
Sir, if you're prepared
to come back to Australia,
I'm sure the fare
would not be a problem.
I would like to see justice done.
If I can arrange
some time off my job, I'll do it.
Um, look, I'll be in touch with you
in the next couple of days
with more details, sir.
Have a good day.
Yes!
Here's to us.
Thanks.
Where's my fucking coat?
I'd like it back.
You can wave to it at your trial.
How's it going, princess?
Suze, just ignore him.
Is it good banging a corrupt cop?
He'll go away.
I need to go to the bathroom.
Look, it's fine.
No.
Just...
Oi!
Jase...
Yay! Whoo-hoo!
Whoo!
Higher!
Yay.
Did you wanna see me
about the trial?
Is there a problem
with your evidence?
Do you think I'm going to pull out?
Are you?
No.
Well, what is it, then?
You were right, you know.
About what?
Knowing I was dragging Tom
into the crap was killing me.
Yeah.
For a long time, you can
make it OK in your head.
You say, "I know what I'm doing,
it's my choice."
I was living this exciting, out-there life.
Go where I want,
get what I want, do what I want.
Wasn't Tom's choice, but.
He'll be OK, Tracey.
You're setting a role model for him.
You know, you're teaching him
what the right thing to do is
and how much courage that takes.
Pity I've wimped out of actually
telling him what's going on.
You got a sec?
Yep.
I heard that bloke you got for
the double murder in Port Melbourne
was Gus Brown's 2IC.
Yes, he is.
And it was a good thing
we got his wife into WITSEC
because the first thing he did
was kick her door in.
I've just seen Gus Brown
talking with Jason Moran.
And Jason Moran knows where
WITSEC had the Randall sisters.
I mean, I don't know how WITSEC
works. Do they use the same places?
Well, there's half a dozen places
they use off and on
or it could be somewhere
completely different.
Right, so the odds are pretty long.
You don't know where
they've got her, do you, boss?
No. No idea.
We can keep you safe, you know?
Even after the trial.
I'm heading back to Bairnsdale
soon as this is over.
My sister still lives there.
It'd be much safer if you change
your name and you move further away.
Tom needs family.
And I want to get closer to
who I used to be, not further away.
Jacqui James.
Hi.
Why?
Right.
You know what, Tom? I reckon
you're right about this place.
It's pretty boring here, isn't it?
Very.
Might find you
someplace else to stay.
What, now?
Time for a change of scenery.
Yep. Let's go.
Something's wrong?
That's him.
Are you sure?
Detective Kraus,
when I was a little boy,
my mother taught me
a very important lesson.
She taught me to never forget the face
of the white man who beats you.
Well, er, you're absolutely sure?
Yes, I'm sure.
Steve already
had the bloodied coat
and now he had a witness.
Jason would go to jail after all.
Following her husband's murder trial,
Tracey and Tom
moved back to her old home town.
No matter how hard I tried,
I couldn't persuade her to change
identities and move interstate.
So much for my
people-management skills.
What's this place?
It's our new home. I told you.
Is this near
where Auntie Jodie lives?
We'll see her heaps.
And you can go to school
with your cousins.
Will... will Daddy visit us?
No.
Dad's going to jail.
Did he do something bad?
Yes.
Did you tell on him?
Yes, I did.
Sometimes you've gotta tell,
even on your friends,
even if they don't like you anymore.
But, Tom, that doesn't mean
that he doesn't love you
or that he's bad all the way through.
But what he did was very terrible
and he needs to be punished for it.
Can I get a guinea pig?
Sure.
Two?
If you get two, you might get more.
I like baby guinea pigs.
They're born with fur
and their eyes wide open.
Let's go inside.
# Well, I still cry for baby Jesus
# And I still pray when I'm alone
# And when I'm lost
# He'll come to find me
# Because he died to save my soul
# When I can't walk
# He's there to carry
# When I speak... #
Come on, then.
# He hears my words
# When I wake and I have nothing
# He sends me gold,
frankincense and myrrh
# Well, I still cry for baby Jesus
# And I still pray when I'm alone
# And when I'm lost
# He'll come to find me
# Because he died to save my soul. #
They shot her in her head
while she slept,
her son lying right there beside her,
a heartbeat away.
Tracey Seymour's death was a warning
to everyone who ever took the
witness stand against the underworld,
another brick in the wall of silence
that would defeat us again and again
in the years ahead.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org